Add host configuration to the doc (#6689)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/reference/connectors/amazons3-connector/amazons3-connector-reference.md

            <td>Region which is used select a regional endpoint to make requests, e.g.: us-east-1.</td>
            <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>host</td>

>             <td>The AWS API endpoint host name to connect with</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>The AWS API endpoint hostname to which you need to connect.</td>
```
